# Keeper integration guide
For the time being, only trusted keepers will be keeping on the Hiding Game until we implement a system that can verify profit generated by all keepers for any given transaction.  Once we work out the coordination kinks and prepare a streamlined onboarding process for new keepers, we’ll begin inviting and onboarding more keepers to join the Hiding Game.  For the time being, the Hiding Game’s DEX trading will be BYOB (bring your own bot).  And the coordination will be between various bots of all shapes, sizes, and capabilities.  For the Hiding Game’s lending coordination efforts, we are considering releasing software that any keeper can run.  We’d like to do the same for DEX trading, but unfortunately it’s a lot more complicated.  So that’s something we’ll be re-visiting more deeply in the future.  

## Phase 1: Only one internal keeper
This is the current phase. Keep it simple with one keeper bot while we work out the kinks and prepare to onboard more keepers. 

## Phase 2: Coordination a few more trusted keepers 
This is where we introduce the first keeper coordination system. This will be with trusted and experienced keepers only while we improve our coordination process. If you'd like to be involved in this phase, please reach out on [Discord](https://discord.gg/G9mWtTC). We suggest that you have a good variety of DEX integrations for facilitating trade. We require that you integrate with [0xv4](https://0xprotocol.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) so that you can facilitate our user's trades. 

## Phase 3: Onboard & Coordination any and all keepers 
More on this in the future.
